Currently preparing for the 181 assessment. 

Feel good about: 
  - Identifying & Describing:
    - databases, relational dbs, rdbms
    - schema
    - normalization
    - benefits of relational dbs
      - data integrity/consistency/anomalies
      - scalability/organization/maintenance
    - tables as relations
    - rows as records
    - columns as attributes 
    

Need a little practice on: 
  - Subqueries
  - Multiple `JOINS` and within subqueries
  - Optimization comparisons 
    - what are the key metrics
  - ERDs
  - functions formatting output
  - CAST





Need clarity on: 
  - Cardinality vs Modality







Test Day: 
  - Set up for test
    - blank sql file for writing queries
    - blank markdown file to write responses 
    - study guide markdown file
    - terminal for testing queries
    - PostgreSQL Documentation
    - timer
    - music


General Questions: 
  - In order to test queries, is the data in the test accessible?
   - Are there sql files to download within the exam? 
  - Use of sql formatter to structure queries uniformly


SQL

    Identify the different types of JOINs and explain their differences.
    Name and define the three sublanguages of SQL and be able to classify different statements by sublanguage.
    Write SQL statements using INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, CREATE/ALTER/DROP TABLE, ADD/ALTER/DROP COLUMN.
    Understand how to use GROUP BY, ORDER BY, WHERE, and HAVING.
    Understand how to create and remove constraints, including CHECK constraints
    Be familiar with using subqueries

PostgreSQL

    Describe what a sequence is and what they are used for.
    Create an auto-incrementing column.
    Define a default value for a column.
    Be able to describe what primary, foreign, natural, and surrogate keys are.
    Create and remove CHECK constraints from a column.
    Create and remove foreign key constraints from a column.

Database Diagrams

    Talk about the different levels of schema.
    Define cardinality and modality.
    Be able to draw database diagrams using crow's foot notation.
